We have two "All-You-Care-to-Eat" Student
Restaurants (Rathbone and Brodhead) that
offer the BEST VALUE when eating on campus.
Students can choose to dine-in, or if in a hurry,
opt for a to-go box. You can use your MEAL
PLAN SWIPES for these locations.

Rathbone is located on the east-side of campus
and is one of the most popular dining destinations
with its incredible view of the Lehigh Valley. It is
open seven days a week and features eight
culinary stations, including our food allergyconscious Simple Servings & SimpleZone.
The second of the two restaurants is the aptly
named Brodhead Student Restaurant, tucked
inside Brodhead Residence Hall. It is open
Monday thru Friday for breakfast, lunch & dinner,
and offers our second campus SimpleZone. All
students can request access to Brodhead through
Residential Services.

Simple Servings at Rathbone Dining Hall and the
University Center provide safe and appetizing food
choices for our customers with food allergies, gluten
intolerance, and those who prefer simple food. All
foods served at Simple Servings are prepared with
ingredients that do not contain milk, eggs, wheat, soy,
shellfish, peanuts, tree nuts, sesame, or gluten. The
stations use separate equipment/utensils, preparation
and storage areas to minimize allergen and gluten
cross-contact.
At Rathbone, the menu rotates daily and includes a
variety of protein (i.e., chicken, beef, lentils),
vegetables (i.e., broccoli, carrots, green beans), and
starches (i.e., rice, potato, quinoa). At the UC, we offer
Mexican-inspired tacos, rice bowls, and a variety of
salsas.
Both locations allow everyone, even those without
allergy or gluten concerns, to enjoy the wholesome
food selections. We will only provide food on plates or
containers provided by our Simple Servings team and
ask that guests not bring food from other areas.
Simple Servings team members are carefully trained
to prepare and serve safe food that includes annual
food allergy 101, AllerTrainU™ certificate training and
ongoing food allergy huddle discussion.
While the Simple Servings station is designed to
allow customers an easy way to avoid allergens and
gluten, we encourage our customers with special
dietary needs to connect with our registered dietitian,
chefs, or dining manager for any concerns.

SimpleZone is our resident dining “pantry” where
food items needed by students with gluten
intolerance and/or peanut/tree nut allergies are
available. Located at both Rathbone and
Brodhead Dining Halls, SimpleZone gives students
opportunity to be involved in their own allergensafe meal preparation.
There are a variety of items made without gluten,
peanuts & tree-nuts, such as cereals, breads,
bagels, waffles, pasta and desserts. Each
SimpleZone features a designated microwave,
toaster, refrigerator & freezer.
Please be aware that although our staff takes
precautions to minimize gluten, tree nut and
peanut cross-contact, we can not completely
eliminate the risk in dining spaces.

Many of our desserts are prepared at our on-site bakery,
where milk, eggs, peanuts, tree nuts, sesame, soy, wheat
and gluten are used. Gluten, peanut and tree nut free
desserts are located at SimpleZone in Rathbone &
Brodhead Dining Halls. We also offer a variety of prepackaged items in our retail locations at at Clutch n Go.

PEANUTS & TREE NUTS: Some of our fryers are used for frying a variety of
products that may contain any of the top 9 allergens or
gluten and pose risk for cross-contact, so please ask prior
to ordering.

SHELLFISH: We try to maintain separation of blender pitchers at retail
locations where allergen containing milks and ingredients
are used for smoothies, coffee and tea drinks.

EGG: Those with food allergies should first check out the food
at Simple Servings in Rathbone and the UC plus
SimpleZone at Rathbone and Brodhead.
Always review the allergen statements for our menu
items or ask staff.

We DO serve peanut & tree nut containing products in our
facilities. Sunflower butter is available in resident dining
Halls. Sliced bread, rolls, and bagels in our resident dining
halls are prepared in a bakery that is without peanut and
tree nut exposure.

In addition to Simple Servings, the South Mountain Grill
& Deli in the UC follows Kosher meat guidelines.
Shellfish will not be offered in this space.

Be mindful that we do not operate in
certified gluten-free facilities.

We label for gluten in our allergen
contains statements.
Check out SimpleZone for a variety of
pre-packaged gluten free items like
waffles, desserts, and condiments.
Chefs make our soups from scratch
each day, and many are thickened with
cornstarch instead of flour.
The salad bar offers gluten free items
such as lettuce, carrots, eggs, cheese,
cucumbers, broccoli, beans, cottage
cheese, hummus, peppers & more!
Request untouched backup stock to
reduce the risk of cross-contact.
Want a sandwich? Our staff will
provide you with your deli choices and
toppings so that you can build a
sandwich with gluten free bread from
SimpleZone.

Select Retail Dining locations provide an
assortment of gluten-safe, and prepackaged gluten-free meals & snacks.
Iacocca Café on Mountaintop and
Common Grounds on ASA campus
offer made-to-order sandwiches with
gluten-free bread options.
Udi's gluten-free muffins & bagels
are available across campus.
Little Northern Bakehouse™ top 9
allergen and gluten free bread is also
available in select locations.
Simple Servings food in the UC is
always without gluten.
Kalamata and Leaf & Ladle in the UC
offer a variety of customized salads
and bowls.
French fries and gluten free felafel are
available at Kalamata at the UC.
At Asa’s Place in the UC, gluten free
waffles and bagels are available on
request. French fries and breakfast
potatoes are prepared in their own
fryer to keep them safe from gluten
cross-contact.
A variety of other gluten-safe grab-ngo sandwiches are available at
Common Grounds, the Grind,
Hideaway Café, Clutch & Go and in
vending. Look for the “Made without
gluten ingredients” symbol.

Look for the orange V (vegetarian) and green VG (vegan)
dietary icons on menu items throughout resident dining
and retail locations.
Resident Dining at Rathbone & Brodhead
Rathbone
Veggie patties at Diner, full salad bar, Veg-out, pasta, pizza
and made to order options at GloBowl, plus a variety of
plant-based items throughout each station.
Bring veggies from other stations to Stack’s Deli for a plantbased sandwich.
Brodhead
A variety of plant-based items throughout each station, plus
a full salad bar, pasta, and pizza.

Retail Dining
Clayton University Center
Concepts offer a variety of plant-based foods like falafel,
pizza, and soup plus customizable salads, tacos, bowls,
sandwiches and eggs.
Common Grounds, The Grind, Iacocca, Hideaway, and Hawk’s
Nest Cafés
Feature made-to-order vegetarian and/or plant-based
sandwiches or meals.
Fresh fruit smoothies with the options of vegan protein
powder, omitting yogurt, and juice instead of milk.
Daily pastries, baked goods, and steel-cut oatmeal.
Hideaway Café features a make-your-own acai bowls.
Hawk’s Nest features veggie burgers, alternative meat
nachos, and Asian-inspired stir friies, sushi and poke bowls.
Iacocca Cafe offers sandwiches, pizza, and soups.
Food trucks
The FudTruk offers all day breakfast sandwiches, including
the Miji and Plain Jane, tomato soup and grilled cheese and
fries.
The Talon features a spinach artichoke panini, various
soups, and tater tots.
The Purple Pita features build a bowl Mediterraneaninspired mains with felafel and a potato side.
Grab n Go & Vending
A variety of plant-based items are located throughout
campus at Clutch n Go in the UC, grab n go fridges, and
vending areas.


Halal & KOsher
Resident Dining Halls
Rathbone Hall: A variety of Kosher foods are
available during Passover.
Rathbone Hall: Halal meats are available at Globowl
upon request.

Food Trucks
The Purple Pita: Serves Halal meats, and offers a
modern twist on classic Middle Eastern cuisine. It is
available for lunch outside STEPS given the weather
& other on campus events.

OUR HALAL & KOSHER
OFFERINGS ARE DEPENDENT ON
SOURCING AND OUR CURRENT &
AVAILABLE CONDITIONS.

Retail Offerings
We offer FreskoFresh Kosher/Halal Star-K
Organization Tartikov and Etimad Halal certified GrabN-Go sandwiches and meals at select Retail locations.
Kalamata sources Halal based meats.
South Mountain Grill & Deli is based in Kosher meat
principles and offers beef, chicken, fish and vegetable
options, but never pork-based foods.
At Clutch & Go, we offer a variety of FreskoFresh
Kosher/Halal Star-K Organization Tartikov and
Etimad Halal certified Grab-N-Go sandwiches and
meals.
Vegetables and meats at Simple Servings are made
without butter or margarine as milk is not allowed.
Shellfish is also not part of the Simple Servings
allergen profile.